hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the brilliant fantasy action
horror movie called underworld if you
haven't seen it then you're in for a
treat
warning guys spoiler alert yes i'm
afraid i'm going to spill the facts
about what the movie is about including
all the best bits of which there are
many but that's half the fun with my
recaps at least you can then decide
whether you want to watch the whole
movie or not
let's start with some background
1 400 years ago vampires had decided
that the best way to ensure the survival
of their species was for the three
elders victor marcus and amelia to
leapfrog through time one ruling while
the other two slept each being awakened
at their appointed time according to a
never to be broken covenant one thousand
years ago during the reign of victor of
the oldest and strongest of the elders
the vampire lichen war began
six hundred years ago craven set the
great blaze which killed lucian the
leader of the lykans craven brought back
a brand cut from lucian's arm as proof
of his death a d which earned craven
high favor with victor who put craven in
charge of their coven the great blaze
caused the lycans to scatter vampire
death dealers armed with silver bullets
and shuriken have been picking lycans
off one by one until very few remain
present time
three death dealers selene ridgel and
nathaniel follow two lycans into a
subway station in an unnamed european
city
a fiery gun battle ensues in which
ridgel is killed one of the lycans gets
away and nathaniel comes up missing
in the chaos celly makes two discoveries
one the lycans have devised an
ultraviolet bullet that can kill
vampires in two there appears to be a
large band of lykans amassing under the
subway
selling hurries back to alert the
vampires at craven's luxurious mansion
that sits on the outskirts of the city
but they are more interested in the
clothes they are going to wear at
tonight's formal party with the coven
from across the great ocean in
celebration of the upcoming awakening of
marcus by emilia the current reigning
elder
not interested in her forthcoming
festivities selden views some digital
photos rachel took of the lichens and
notices that they appear to have been
following a human
a computer search reveals the human as
michael corvin intern at local hospital
meanwhile the wounded lichen has
returned to the like and den with the
bad news that he lost the candidate he
was tailing as well as to have the
silver bullets ensure it can dug out his
body so that he can regenerate
selene pays michael corbin's apartment a
visit
while snooping she overhears a phone
message about his involvement in some
shootout now convinced that she is right
about the lycan stalking michael she
tries to interrogate him just as his
apartment is raided by a pack of lichens
while sully holds them off michael
escapes in the elevator but the door is
open to a face-to-face confrontation
with lucian the current leader of the
lycans
selene attempts to shoot lucia but he is
intent on fighting michael and spitting
the blood into a vial which he takes to
singe the likened doctor who has been
researching humans with the last name of
corbin so far with negative results
he analyzes michael's blood and
pronounces it positive selene and
michael make a getaway together in her
car but selling gets stabbed in the
shoulder by lucian as he chases after
their car
she has lost a lot of blood as a result
she passes out the car flips over and
lands into a river michael saves her
binds her wound and passes out himself
when selene awakens he takes the
unconscious michael back to the
vampire's mansion incurring the wrath of
craven who wants celine to be his future
queen and is jealous that she seems
smitten with michael when michael
finally comes to he is face to face with
fellow vampire erika who realizes that
michael has been bitten and is becoming
likened
erica leaves to the ceiling and starts
hissing at him
terrified michael jumps out a window and
escapes the vampire's mansion
although it is forbidden to delve into
the past selin decides to do a little
reading about the history of the vampire
like in war particularly the chapter on
the fall of lucian she notices that the
lucian in one of the pictures is wearing
the same medallion that she noticed the
current lucian wearing during the fight
at michael's apartment could he and the
lucian that craven supposedly killed 600
years ago be one and the same could
craven and lucian be conspiring together
could the fact that the lycans are
amassing near the vampire coven mean an
attack on the vampires
but erica informs selene that michael
has been bitten and is turning like and
selene has heard enough
against the covenant rules selling
decides to awaken victor and ask for his
guidance
michael has begun having hallucinations
and wants to know what's happening to
him selling takes him to their likened
interrogation room in the city so that
he can hide for the night she also gives
him the good news he has been bitten by
a lycan and during the next four morning
will turn into one the hallucinations
she tells him are memories passed and
from lucian when michael asks excelling
why she cares about what's happening to
him
you intend to bite me too
seline explains that the lycanvirus and
the vampire virus are incompatible and
no one has ever survived a bite by both
species when michael asks her why she
hates lycan so much she tells in how
lycan slaughtered her entire family and
how victor arrived just in time to save
her from the same fate victor made her a
vampire and then raised her like his own
daughter selling then handcuffs michael
to a chair gives him a gun with silver
bullets and advises him to use it on
himself if she isn't back by tomorrow
night
after selene arrives back at the mansion
victor has fully awakened and is being
briefed by craven
when victor learns that he's been
awakened a full century ahead of
schedule he has lived not even selling's
attempts to explain her findings appease
him in fact victor basically tells
seline to let craven handle this and
that she will be judged by the council
for breaking the covenant craven locks
sully in her room
the next night it is the night of the
full moon it is time for amelia's train
to arrive and craven has ordered soren
and his team to fetch her and the
council members
erica was wanted to be craven's mate for
a long time cuts the power to the main
gate allowing selling to run to michael
selene releases michael but they are
attacked by lykans settling stays to
fight while michael jumps out a window
when michael lands on his feet some five
or six stories below he is immediately
captured by lycans posing as cops
on the way to the like and dead michael
begins the change the likens pull over
and they dose michael with an enzyme to
stop the change
selene has captured singed and brings
him to victor where singh is forced to
explain how for years the lycans have
been trying to combine the bloodlines
they've been testing descendants of
alexander corginus a 5th century
hungarian war ward who was the sole
survivor of a plague that ravaged his
village and turned him into the first
immortal
from corbinus's offspring one became the
vampire line one became the liken line
and one remained human but carried the
imprint of the original immortality
virus hidden in its genetic code in
dormant form and passed down through the
ages to michael corbin lucian plans to
inject himself with blood taken from
michael and from a powerful vampire
elder creating hybrid both lycan and
vampire was stronger than both
concerned that emilia has not yet
arrived a group of vampires are sent to
find out what's taking so long they find
that emilia and the council members have
all been assassinated having been bitten
by lycans
in addition amelia's blood has been
totally drained when victor finds out he
orders selling to kill michael
meanwhile michael is being held at the
lycan den where his visions have
suddenly become clear he now knows what
started the vampire like in war many
years ago lykans were the slaves for
vampires but it was forbidden for
vampires and likens to return eyes
lucian and victor's daughter sonia fell
in love and made it creating a hybrid
child that victor would not allow so he
placed sonia his own daughter in the sun
where she poured to a crisp while lucian
was made to watch
his own daughter burn alive just for
loving me says lucian poignantly and
victor has spent the last 600 years
exterminating the lichen species so the
bloodlines will never blend
craven knows he's been found out he was
indeed in league with lucian
together they planned lucian's death 600
years ago so that lucian could lay low
now the agreement is for craven to gain
control of both covens by obtaining an
iron-clad peace treaty with the lycans
while lucian gets revenge on victor now
time to knock off a few main characters
the vampires along with celine khan and
victor storm the likened dead in a
climactic battle
craven shoots lucian with a silver
nitrate bullet a silver is in liquid
form so that it will go directly into
the lycan's blood streams and cannot be
dug out when michael tries to escape he
is also shot by craven as michael lays
using silver nitrate from his wounds
craven tells selling the true story
about her dark father victor
her family wasn't killed by lykans but
by victor himself seeing she didn't like
the taste of livestock very much so once
in a while he would engorge himself on
human blood
since sully reminded him of sonja he
spared her and raised her as his own
selene is stunned
when craven demands that selling go with
him she refuses
as he's about to shoot michael again the
dying lucian runs a sword through
craven's leg and tells selene to bite
michael half empire half-lichen they're
stronger than both
selene does it craven finishes off
lucian
[Music]
michael turns into a hybrid and after
michael and victor fight for a while
selling cuts off victor's head
[Music]
as selling flees the scene of the battle
she finds herself in a tough situation
she is now to be hunted by both her own
people and lichens too
the end
don't forget to subscribe see you again
soon